Subject: Student Robotics: Final competition details
To: teachers

Hi {first_name}

{this_isnt_going_via_fritter}

The Student Robotics competition is now less than a week away! Below are
several important items that require your attention, and an update about the
media consent form situation.

Firstly, my mobile phone number is XXXXXXXXXXX, please phone if you have any
urgent enquiries or have difficulty in making your way to the competition /
finding the venue.

As detailed in a previous email, your team will wish to change their robot
code at the competition. Please ensure that at least one laptop or appropriate
computing equipment is being brought by the team. A backup would be wise too,
as teams frequently forget chargers. We are providing at least one wired
connection to the internet per team as well as wireless internet, if you
intend on using the wired you should check that the computer(s) being brought
have the appropriate sockets / dongles.

Any tools that your team requires to modify their robot must be brought to the
competition by the team: we cannot provide any. In particular, the use of any
dangerous tools must be supervised by the responsible adult for the team.

All robots are subject to a safety check before the start of the competition
(see appendix B in the rulebook). We really will be disqualifying any dangerous
robots, so please ensure the team have checked their robot against the safety
checklist. In particular, the battery must have some protection against
collisions when placed in the robot.

You must bring all of the robotics kit (including the white box it came in) to
the competition, so that we can collect it at the end of the event, unless
you've already arranged to keep the kit longer.

Finally, we'll be publishing some rules for working in the team pits, and how
the competition will be operating. These will be taped to desks at the
competition, but a draft version is available here:

  https://www.studentrobotics.org/resources/2015/pitrules-draft.pdf

~

Media consent forms: there are now no longer sufficient post days for media
consent forms to reach Bristol and be processed (I'll be in Southampton on
Wednesday and on-site from Thursday). If you still have media consent forms to
send, please scan and email them to me instead. If that's not possible, please
email me about this.

If you've returned media consent forms already but haven't heard from me about
them being processed, please get in contact. I'll be phoning teams who
haven't returned any media consent forms in the next week.

I've had a couple of queries about whether parents and other visitors need to
have tickets: they do not, we only require tickets from competitors. We do
require a media consent form from everyone though: visiting adults will be able
to return (or sign) a media consent form at the door of the competition.

~

We hope you and the team are looking forwards to the competition as much as we
are, and may the best robot win!

--
Thanks,
Jeremy

