To: teachers
Subject: Student Robotics: Further competition details and kit return

Hi {first_name},

We've published additional information about the upcoming Student Robotics
competition on our website. The competition event page [0] now contains
directions to the site, parking details, and the day schedules for the event.
Please don't hesitate to contact me (jmorse@studentrobotics.org) if you
require any additional information. If you're having any trouble arranging
things, or intend to drop out of the competition, please inform me ASAP.

Your team will inevitably wish to change their code at the competition,
meaning at least one team member will need to bring a laptop / other device
for writing code. We will be unable to provide any computers at the
competition ourselves, sorry. This year we intend on providing both wireless
and wired internet at the competition (one cat-5 ethernet cable per team pit).

We expect all the Student Robotics kit you've been loaned to be returned at
the competition. If you'd like to keep the kit longer, please email
info@studentrobotics.org requesting a loan extension by the 13th of April.

As mentioned in previous emails, the competitors in your team all need to
bring tickets to the competition, which they get by returning a media
consent form. Please have competitors visit this page [1], enter their
Student Robotics username and password, to receive a media consent form,
after which they should have the appropriate person sign the form then
return it to you. Please then return the forms either by post to the address
below, or by scanning and emailing them to jmorse@studentrobotics.org

A couple of sets of forms have gone to Southampton -- please use the address
below (in Bristol) as there'll be less delay in getting your forms processed.
In particular, please have your forms in the post or emailed by Friday the
17th of April: there's a risk that the vagaries of University postal service
will not deliver in time, otherwise.

  Jeremy Morse
  Dept of Computer Science
  Merchant Venturers Building
  Woodland Road
  BRISTOL
  BS8 1UB

We look forwards to seeing you and the team at the competition!

[0] https://www.studentrobotics.org/events/sr2015/2015-04-25-competition
[1] https://www.studentrobotics.org/mediaconsent

--
Thanks,
Jeremy

