To: teachers
Subject: Student Robotics: Competition date and tech days

Hi {first_name},

We're now able to confirm the date and location of the competition -- it
will be held on the weekend of the 30th of April, at the Newbury
Racecourse Grandstand. We'll get a preliminary schedule to you shortly,
but as with previous competitions we expect both days to run from 0900
until 1730.

While our volunteers will be operating the competition, they won't be
able to provide supervision for the attendees. As a result, all
attending competitors need to have some kind of adult supervision
provided by you: who does this, and what form it takes is up to
you, but the responsibility can't fall on our volunteers, sorry.

As in previous years, we're unable to provide transportation,
accommodation, or food for the competition. You will need to arrange
these for your team yourselves. Please note thought that if you're
unable to find accommodation then Reading is sufficiently close to
Newbury to be an alternative. Additionally, there will be light refreshments
available from the 1st floor servery throughout the event.

Entrance to the competition for competitors is ticketed: we require
signed media consent forms to be returned (in advance) for each
attending competitor. After we receive those, a printable ticket will
become available, that competitors will need to bring with them.
Everyone else, including teachers, parents, and other interested parties
are welcome to attend, although they'll need to either bring a media
consent form with them or sign one at the door. Non-competitor attendees
under the age of 18 will need a parent/guardian in attendance too.

To return a media consent form, competitors and team leaders should access
the following URL:

  https://www.studentrobotics.org/mediaconsent

Which will serve them a media consent form with their details written
into it. They should print out a copy, have their parent/guardian fill out
the missing parts as appropriate, and return it to you the team leader. Once
you've collected all media consent forms, please scan them and email copies
to mediaconsent@studentrobotics.org.

Scans must be of print-quality please, photographing the form is insufficient.
Given postal delays in previous years we would prefer email delivery of all
consent forms, however we can receive post if needs be (please email in
advance to get the correct postal address).

Once we've processed a form, the competitor will receive an email linking them
to the ticket download page.

~

We've also confirmed the dates of several upcoming tech days, in London and
Southampton, with another in Bristol shortly to be confirmed. Please check the
key dates page to find out more:

  https://www.studentrobotics.org/key_dates

Please email info@studentrobotics.org if you intend to attend one of these tech days.

--
Thanks,
Jeremy

